updating readme with homebrew postgres (#2)
transform-data/metricflow: README.md

Install MetricFlow:

> If you do not have postgres on your machine, first install postgres with homebrew:
> 
> ```
> brew install postgresql
> ```

Reviewer: This only works on Macs that have Homebrew installed. I recommend something more like this:

```suggestion
If you do not have postgres on your machine, first install Postgres:
- Postgres provides [pre-built packages for download and installation](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)
- Mac users might prefer to use Homebrew: `brew install postgresql`
```
